let's go we in this etc.etc welcome back
northernlion binding of issac afterbirth
plus we can't lose don't give us a loss
of the keeper don't give us a loss of
the key Oh give up hey Samson sorry a
little excitable right at the top here
ain't 0v my t 3p why excitable first off
could you phrase your question in the
form of a question because why excitable
is not it's like the name of a MERS Bo
song I've never listened to MERS Bo I
just know that's referential mostly we
just finished a good at LSS it was hyper
it was excited you know I got to bring
myself down a level here get back to the
rational level of discourse Samson is a
good boy he don't try to hide it
diamonds on the soles of his shoes he's
got the hair that makes me jealous and
one of the better starting active I'm
gonna call it an active/passive
that's not really sensible you know but
you get the idea dark Prince's crown is
usually basically irrelevant although I
will say that if we can make it work it
is a tears upgrade oh so one of these is
a library which a large muscle is that a
two-key room above the curse room or
next to the cursor room no that should
be just a straight-up library then if we
can get a key to make it pop that'll be
good um the thing with dark Prince's
crown is that if you get it for free if
you don't have to pay the ridiculous
premium for it then dark Prince's crown
is worth having please come this way
trying to bait them into going this way
so that the lost protector can actually
do some damage I think you got one of
them but then basically it's a chance
for you to get a Sears upgrade it's not
great obviously but you could do a lot
worse you could have gotten nothing from
that room for example that would have
done it but it's not a good item the
thing that makes it really really bad is
the fact that it costs two hearts
despite being basically a tears upgrade
dude I'm in no no chance whatsoever of
getting you that library unless you want
to play the self sacrifice room which is
basically suicide
and no chance of getting to the arcade
on this floor but in the future perhaps
to sleep perchance to dream
the Samson always start with a an 11
rate of fire that seems unusual to me
now 5.19 damage I mean you could adjust
my rate of fire a little bit if you're
going to give me 10.1 no Sakia 5.19
damage 10.19 damage I'll go a long way
I'll take the long way home like super
tramp you guys ever watched that Disney
film lady in the super tramp lady's all
like I'm a dog and then super tramp is
like don't yell look at my dog friend
Mia she is a real dog what cocker
spaniel I'm not trying to make a dirty
joke I think it's been a while since I
saw a lady in the Tramp I feel like
everybody thinks lady in the Tramp is
really cute but as a child I thought it
was kind of gross two dogs are sharing a
spaghetti noodle I get it it's an iconic
scene but at the same time where's the
health department that seems like one of
those things where when it's Disney fide
it's not a real word it's right outside
your door now fizz nephi don't roam but
rage of Rage Against the Machine fans
here rage against the mouse fans here
okay we get meats and razor blade razor
blade with a luck downgrade not super
stoked but razor blade with Sampson it
seems like a multiplicative bonus look
on saying about lady in the Tramp is
when they have like the beautiful music
playing and you know that's amore and
blah blah blah everybody's like wow what
a cute story about two dogs in love if
you actually went to a restaurant and
then you went oh my god honey look down
the back alley and down the back alley
there's two dogs chowing down on a plate
of spaghetti just snarfing it up you'd
probably be like I'm not going to get my
bolognaise there am i a snob for not
wanting to give my Balinese of the place
that's feeding wild dogs plates of
spaghetti out the back maybe so you know
what I vote with my wallet I don't even
like spaghetti so I wouldn't go there in
the first place I know I'm a monster
just never I've never had a spaghetti
that that sold me
I've never had a spaghetti where I went
like oh that's great spaghetti
I've had some unforgettable pennies wait
let's try this again
I've had some prescient pennies I've had
some unforgettable fettuccine
I've had some luxurious Linguini's but I
haven't had a spectacular spaghetti I
wish that weren't the case you know I
want to know what the fuss is about but
I've not yet experienced it for myself
for at the present moment I wouldn't
consider myself that much of a spaghetti
man go hang a lasagna I'm a salami hog
so we managed to recover quite a lot on
this floor actually baby I love your way
look at that 15 cents a couple of doors
here which means I was going to say one
of them's a library telepathy for
dummies book of Belial book of secrets a
cup of Cris cup of goose that's Book of
Shadows giving us bookworm there so
we're going to keep the razor blade at
least for now and we can use this to
activate dark Prince's crown we can also
use it to activate the bloodlust bonus
so I'm pretty stoked about that okay now
we can fly this is like the best floor
on which I've ever gotten the golden key
especially with curse of the blind it's
all working out sharp plug now we're
looking for but you could do worse
and then we'll quickly go in oh you got
black beans so that wasn't a huge get
for us but everything else is coming up
millhouse here and that's four cents
hopefully five here not a secret room
are you kidding me man alright we're
down the next word we got time to
generate an IV bag anyway we might not
even need an IV bag with the razor blade
as long as you play our cards right you
know like we come in here place this
down use the razor blade so 1.90 damage
up and you can't make this stuff up you
couldn't write a script better than this
mystery sack and a head of the keeper
for one bomb that's the kind of value
you know you don't find in 2017 that's
like a 1981 dad bought his first house
you know working at 7-eleven for minimum
wage sort of thing yeah you discrim
panned save you could only you know go
down to the delicatessen a couple times
a week
but he had equity dang it our damage has
improved yeah it goes up 1.9 every time
we use it enemy lose one when when the
room ends we lose 1.4 so we get 0.5
every time we pop it right now so as
long as we have red hearts will receive
now I'm a little concerned but as long
as we have a little bit of room to
maneuver we should we should consider
this pretty nice right now this is a
good floor you know stack up some HP if
possible enough to feel comfortable you
know going forward in the future you
should be able to have enough money to
get something from the shop keys might
be another story but head of the keepers
given us a lot of leeway here
financially speaking the financial
persuasion just keep yourself out of
harm's way
ace of clubs not relevant kind of
stalling out on commentary here but you
know why it's only a stall if you can't
get out of it you never hear about a
stall if they if they pull the plane out
of the tailspin they just go you know
what a little bit of a harrowing flight
today only makes the news once it
touches down if you know what I mean
so very flippant joke about a terrible
hypothetical disaster but you know
that's its gallows humor that's that's
going to be my defense if I ever make a
joke that goes a little bit too far it's
just gallows humor people it's a
learning thing you wouldn't understand
okay we don't want love farts I don't
really care about the bob transformation
so we're just moving our way through
here we're not spending bombs we already
got bookworm we're not spending bombs
because we get so much money by ahead of
the keeper that would you know why would
I spend bombs now we got this money
coming our way so
that's not a secret room I feel like the
Bumbo pickup is actually huge if we just
go like if you know we're at five cents
that's the perfect amount to stay at for
now whenever we generate money and that
should happen like fairly frequently
Thanks ahead of the keeper let Bumbo
pick it up you know get that buddy I
just picked up a penny but this you know
it's a big picture sort of thing is what
I'm trying to get at the more the
merrier though as long as you're not
eatin Lucky Penny so that's that's the
only thing that would bum me out
probably not going to be max-level by
this floor but that's cool good Dodge's
that's fine dude we don't need a new max
level by this floor I also don't want
them to really spit out bombs on the
regular but you know you got to do what
you got to do Bunco don't let me ruin
your mojo baby good Austin Powers
impression that's good enough for like
eighth place in the best Austin Powers
impression yeah baby it's something
that's really and I use the word not
ironically but with some self-awareness
a bad Austin Powers impression is really
cringe-worthy it's just something about
it
do I make you horny baby yeah just it
doesn't feel right it's like I feel like
parker posey on juice those are your
coins I'm sorry we don't need to use on
Zeus he's not yet I mean why sure I'll
take bah humbag making good time here so
this guy is just like it extraordinarily
dusted no deal with the devil always
bums me out a little bit and you know
what the same your granddad's NL we
remember that the North remembers and
now we got some eternal heart action
going on back here I want this HP
because I want more fuel for the blood
bank the razor blade admittedly probably
beats the IV bag so we might not be
looking for an arcade specifically but
sort of like might as well give it a
shot you know we're
catacombs one so we can't find a can't
find a greed fight and several just keep
moving on here and really we're in an
incredibly luxurious position right now
very happy with where we're at will on
Zeus and will save some keys we don't
need keys actually we'll save some just
some hassle getting into our special
room here these are for you bum bow if
you want to pick up these coins I'm
thinking like by the middle of this
floor you should be max level and I
should just be able to hang out over the
rocks you know and semi-retirement will
you do my job for me right now you're
just kind of like a your little Isaac
tadpole but you can evolve into a frog
one day that's not grow up into it's
probably the more sensible that's not
really an evolution thing ain't nobody
don't there's me I live in the sea wait
this this will work give it a second
give it a second trying to think it so
this is so fresh and so clean but
written from the perspective of a fish
for some reason don't you think I am
Pisces I live my love in the sea don't
notice anywhere for this joke to go this
is like a bad science teachers idea of a
good list of Michael Scott as a high
school science teacher lesson I can't go
or at least cannot justify going to the
curse room just yet Mambo you don't need
this money anymore don't be greedy buddy
don't be greedy
it's not wow what a freeze up there what
a throw job not a throw job probably a
very different thing but how would I
know I'm a married man I don't know what
it's truck
what would a throat job they've already
got one you do with your mouth all the
Millennials these days are doing it what
specifically would change about the
throaty version of it I don't maybe I
don't want to know we're getting dad you
don't understand they'll talk about this
kind of stuff I'm back in my day
now Oh can't you see I've got gimpy I'm
this Samson runs full of free damage
good thanks to razor B it's my spacebar
item please do Jimmy's gonna create half
red hearts for us we got we got a good
thing going it's a knock dad Oh can't
you see my dope synergy I'm okay let's
stop with that we do need to get luck
upgrades to really make it pop stop
taking my money dude it's not even like
you know I'm not being spiracle I would
like you to not take my money anymore
because I would like to use it myself if
we were truly brazen we could still use
a razor blade almost as if it's how to
jump and all I mean by that is we could
use it to trigger our time to
invulnerability from taking damage and
then not take damage from the enemy so
we could use it productively in that
regard is it a good strat I think if you
could get it off it's a good strat
there's no punishment to it except for
you'll take a lot of damage but you'll
get something out of it is the dream at
least we're going to be on pace for boss
Russian to be honest with you the
ability to use the razor blade often
throughout boss rush is kind of a it's a
draw
we'll see how things work here
Bombo just keep chewing it's like a
finding Dory situation just keep
swimming except instead of swimming
because you know I don't want to sing
the song again will do just keep
shooting eat him up he's done what 18
percent that's because I froze up and
took that damage I remember now
belly button nose Goblin let's go say it
with me three two one let's go
we got this one okay so don't take
idiotic damage this time yo NL why are
you being an idiot here check this out
wait a minute I was just checking I I
wanted to preserve the spirit heart but
I also like definitely did not want to
accidentally have that count as red
heart damage and just ruin our whole
shebang here it seems like we got a good
set up though so we should use
especially what we've got protection I
know we should use razor blade fairly
frequently because we get the permanent
bonus of the the bloody lust damage so
sure we lose the razor blade bonus and
being able to use the razor blade five
times on one room would also be pretty
valuable depending on what room it is
but we we do benefit from having more
opportunities here as well so we can
also create permanent polaroid
invincibility this way and now that I
think about it we can also make dark
Prince's crown work which is not the
worst idea because we don't have any we
don't have any tears ups over the course
of this entire run so we should have
dark Prince's crown now I mean our rate
of fire is only seven it's not like it's
out of control and we ruined it
immediately but ignoring that you know
my heart was in the right place I think
all right let's light the boss we've got
a 100 Evelyn and to be honest with you
desirous of that because we got lots of
red heart containers we can afford to
give away you know I'm stack
all this you know liquid asset I got no
need for it let's turn it into some
equity or something like that little
gears give me some devil equity the
equity Incubus decent choice I mean
great item to begin with but specific to
our synergies decent because it will get
all the bonuses from our heels so or
something up from our heels but from our
extra damage so this seems like a pretty
solid setup to me it was a luck upgrade
almost blew myself up with a bum bow
bomb there keep it going we got to be
smart here because we're light on keys
so just be aware of that
try to use bombs wherever possible s I
mean now what we're looking for to be
honest if you remote detonator but we
this is going to be our secret room we
didn't have to use a key bag there that
was silly got some bombs out of it we
got 36 bombs though well this is fine
we'll take starter deck temper it's so
good two of spades buy it didn't have to
do it this way but that's fine
temperance how do you use temperance
well next floor is next floor is
possible arcade so I think you save the
temperance to try to use it there and we
can get mad bonuses out of it especially
if we get blood bag normally we want a V
bag but we kind of have it already so if
we can get blood bag I'm a very happy
camper here for now we'll just make sure
to pop this on the regular again the
longer we can keep dark Prince's crown
active the happier I am even though I
would say it's not mission critical is
there were that's the opposite of
critical but in an elegant fashion like
it's not not important it's just not
that important yeah I'm going to give it
a try because I want a half red heart we
got two keys out of it anyway but wanted
something a little bit more then I ever
started for now I have this chance to be
all the things you saw in me NL was that
Clay Aiken
post American Idol song how did you know
I'm a big a can head i love his songs
something more if i were invisible akin
breaking heart has a really good one
till Stevie Ray Cyrus ripped it off
Stevie Ray Wonder I mean sorry
okay let's fruitcake a good pickup
usually like I don't think it's that
that good but I think in this case it's
completely okay you know I always take
it but sometimes I wish I didn't is the
way that it usually goes because we
oftentimes you know if you ever hurt
yourself with it you go well I'm an
idiot
so give me a spirit are we got zero luck
just give me a spirit hard lovers card
is even better actually so I don't think
we need the razor blade ourselves to
make this happen we're really trying to
create like the maximum number of Gertie
charges and then also if we can get like
blood bag I'm very happy I'll sacrifice
some spirit hearts here doesn't bother
me now we got mad plays here mostly I
mean the HP is fine but it's straight up
the the now we don't need it it's
straight up the extra read hard set that
matters the most to me so we have more
room to use the razor blade every single
floor now if we can find some way to
regenerate hearts a little bit more
frequently even better but apart from
that love and life dude I think we have
a pretty good case to actually like do
boss rush here but it's going to have to
be an item that's you know worthy of
doing boss rush none of this like you
know strange attractor but we have a
sense of obligation nonsense you know
it's going to have to bring the heat
$0.03 states your war that's all I'm a
hard negotiator I walk in and I go you
listen sir you tell me how much I'm
going to pay for this and I'll write you
a check right here wait a minute that's
not what I meant
you drive a hard bargain sir but then
later you just default on your payments
that's how you get them everyone's
always worried about well how do you pay
for
don't get the best price possible in
your car negotiations just don't make
the payments when they come in that's
the easy way note the creator of this
YouTube video would like you to
recognize that this is satire and does
not represent the beliefs of him or
anyone on his production company which
doesn't exist all right let's see the
deal what do you got for me here yeah I
mean actually Deadeye is like fantastic
so we're going to we're going to stack
it up
hello oh there's one of you left and
we're we're going to do ridiculous
damage like we're already at 40 to 40
damage it's really just going to get
better because we can do it with the
razor blade without incurring like any
cost to ourselves
and we're getting so many red hearts
back because of gimpy anyway and the
spirit arts as well don't get me wrong
um we should try to keep uh keep
ourselves going here when it comes to
dark Prince's crown but you also
probably recognize at the same time that
it doesn't really matter you know the
fact that we have sixty damage without
epic act is like a whole new world for
me I don't know what is the red pooop'
that hit me there it must have been red
poop dude you don't want any part of
this I sure I know we're only in 63
damage but that will change man I know
it keeps going like way up and then it
comes back down oh you know what it is
our fruit cake tears popping off and
then you know switching from being
popped off I understand we're at like
maximum usefulness more or less out of
the razor blade right now if hearts come
to me I'll grab them but I'm not going
to walk too far out of my way to pick
anything up here see though might be
nice to have some HP left for the next
floor just in case you know things might
go a little off the rails at some point
you never know it was very fast we might
be coming close to Beelzebub and we
definitely will make the hush fight as
well if we if we have the desire and the
know-how to lead us to a new land I know
I'm making that reference a lot alright
it will do it um no no we need we need
all of these trinkets these trinkets are
about two percent of the reason we're
winning right now which is a lot right
at the present moment it's a lot rate is
what I'm not haha that's silly okay
let's just
hurt ourselves a little bit with the
razor blade you know I'm not used to
dealing nine damage doesn't feel right
we got to crank that up as soon as
possible nine damage is not what I was
built for on this run we were built for
60 like a Ford Fiesta now we can use the
razor blade I mean as like a destination
we can use it in a couple of different
ways one would be to stop at half a
heart so we get permanent polaroid
invincibility the other one would be to
stop at one full heart so we get the
tears up I'm usually the tears up is not
going to be as relevant as permanent
polaroid invincibility but with no tears
ups like with us at below average rate
of fire I do find myself kind of like I
value going to seven rate of fire maybe
more than is prudent you know from from
someone of my standing in the community
but I don't care what they say I love
this item no it's not sure I don't
really but for free it's fine
I mean it's a free contingent tears
upgrade I'd rather have a much smaller
magnitude of Tears upgrade that is
always on but again all we paid with the
access fee for the curse room so I ain't
sweating it we're actually doing fairly
well with guppies tale you know
considering all the goals and chefs we
could be getting no deal along with 72%
chance that's a bummer considering all
the deals of the devil or considering
all the golden chests we could be
getting we're keeping ourselves pretty
key okay
key rich and now really but key okay not
karaoke okay
not the Kaioken
that was euthanasia but like the best
version of these in Asia is Folgers in
your cup so it was like a euthanasia
chain you don't see that too often also
seems like a terrible expression I'm not
anti euthanasia moreover it's irrelevant
for the purposes of this video I'm just
saying something icky when you say the
phrase use an Asia chain it's like the a
doctor would describe his workday as
being like that and I'd be like you kind
of been sensitive right now buddy
those are people doc I thought you got
in this profession to help people not
just to cash million-dollar checks you
got spirit hearts we got I mean I don't
want to insult the run because the runs
good and I could be using razor blade
more often we do have like six damage by
default that's not that good we were at
five on like the second floor so we
haven't universally improved all that
much
okay don't walk into the red poops but
admittedly the razor blade child's heart
and gimpy basically give us the ability
to use the razor blade at least once
every few rooms and that's good enough
to take us to like 12 damaged easily or
whatever the highest damage we can get
to is it I think it's doubles so
somewhere in the 12 range Wow we've
mom's key or is that just like a really
really lucky chest little Steven which
is actually regular-sized Steven it's
actually I always forget that it's a
decent damage levels it's
proportionately a pretty nice damage up
okay so we have a little bit of an
interesting conundrum when it comes to
this hush fight I'm going to do it but
we got a got to talk ourselves up
let's go we got a deal we really like
struck out on deal with the devil
frequency on this run we don't want to
take it down trash out of here okay we
got 99 cents so we gotta do this but and
sorry for your ears I'm sure that the
uncompressed ratio is probably not very
pleasant right there you got two wheels
of fortune chariot temperance javi here
and temperance chair here and temperance
do you remember the song from the 1990s
is actually the early 2001 mmm chariot
and temper events one full heart
why don't I happen grab these bad boys
might as well get a little head start on
the damage bonus is my philosophy here
of people these pills whoo there's not
pills because of starter deck right
there's no secret rooms but sometimes
there's a crawl space that's right let's
peep a potential crawl space and what do
you want here dude they're both like
pretty good but if we want to keep
Samson's dream alive we should take the
fire rate out for a damage downgrade
that's a huge fire rate up but I said
that that that that yeah that's solid I
mean I was the one saying that that
thought that but you get the idea let's
go
it's a crawl space to crawl spaces Data
Miner let's go back you know what I'm
thinking it's like what do we do with
what do we do with Ace of Hearts
especially not knowing what our HP is
like a sort of feel weird like maybe we
should take a sub hearts into the fight
and then turn like a lot or as many as
we can at least we got at least one play
there that's going to be fine and gimpy
hooked us up so you know what as a nice
thank-you to gimpy let's do it again
I was willing to pay the cost so let's
get double the benefit so I'm thinking
like we got a lot of hearts in there so
I just used ace of hearts and like
stacked it so we should pick up red
hearts until we can we can't pick that
one up we're taking a little bit of
damage here razor blade red heart razor
blade half red heart full red heart
razor blade grabbed it razor blade half
red heart might want to cool it a little
bit we are at 57 damage there's a decent
number of red hearts in there but I
might not be able to access them as
easily as I'd like this is a stomp dude
great hush fight easy is hush fight in
planet's history
give me some lux lemme get some on that
mean good meat falls off the bone I mean
baby you hungry baby I'm hungry
let's head to mr. sprigs and get us some
ribs three four seven South Eddie BOE
can you get that SPR I've ggs I'm good
with you clay with mr. sprigs you only
two you guys anyone here you guys into
memes around 2010 you might remember mr.
sprigs BBQ you should YouTube it I mean
you don't have to do that NL sent me
thing but like if you want to I'm not
gonna stop you just a nice it's a
barbecue restaurant I believe it's in
Oklahoma and where the wind blows yes
and they made like a really smooth slow
jam jingle I can't do the young man's
voice justice because he kills it but
it's saying mr. Springs barbecue always
mr. Springs barbecue tender mr. Springs
by the meat falls off the bone you know
that's as high as I can get without you
know that was bad but like it'll get
awful you get the idea and it's got like
a dune Coon like really smooth
background it's it's a wholesome me man
let me tell you why you might think
you're making fun of the restaurant and
in some ways you kind of poking fun at
them but it's because they have a super
serious all I didn't kill everything in
there like a super billboard the hot 200
jingle for a restaurant that's about
making barbecue so it's a little
atypical but I think it's good give it a
shot dude mister sprigs barbecue that
sprigs with two g's
you'll be singing it all day that song
is lit gets stuck in my head about once
a month and it has for the past seven
years there is a long-lost video of john
c reilly singing it on like Conan
O'Brien or something like that and I was
like dang this dog can sing dang this
dog can sing what a beautiful voice on
that john c reilly it's me northern line
at age fifty coming at you on your slow
jam sunday morning drive home we got
some john tesh coming up for you right
next sit back relax and enjoy the ride
in our cars which are all self-driving
this is the voice that Mugatu speaks to
Zoolander in before he tells them to
murder the president of Malaysia and
[Music]
you're extremely dusted we're out we out
here dude this is the easiest win Isaac
it throws me back an easy win well the
sweetest win we are Samson with razor
shins we don't have razor shins we got a
razor blade then again razors and blades
so dangerous offenses are bad news crews
reason students thank brain's broken
that's the last Isaac video for today
because clearly the brain is broken
judge get dusted young good dusted young
I can't take it we took epic Act last
time it made me angry
I don't know if we want much of this but
tell you what take the good stuff and I
think we take magic fingers
magic bangle and Billy Hatcher in the
giant egg and we just freaking go off
man it's good good Direction good choice
on this one get ready to you know taste
the sound of my spacebar taste my blade
instead of smash broz beam you got to
tell me if it's a smash bros mean wow
thanks a lot
planet ER all right so we're just like
the faster I can hit the space bar the
happier I am about my self-esteem
oh we're not quite going to finish the
job dude the screen shake might
literally be giving me like glaucoma and
by literally I mean not at all literally
but you get the gist of it let's go easy
run fun run if you enjoyed it click the
like button helped out a great deal of
course subscribe if you want to see more
in the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time